[Music]
inside the Gaza Hospital fridge the
bodies of several infants rest a note on
the door cautions don't put food here
the reason for which is painfully
clear life and death intertwine here at
the Emirates Crescent Hospital in
Rafa this hospital is very small it is
now the only place with Gynecology
Obstetrics and Nery facilities in the
Gaza Strip we have just 18 incubators
for 45 babies there should be only one
baby in each incubator that means there
is a lot of pressure on doctors and
nursing
staff doctors say the story of one
premature baby they've named malac is
particularly
tragic there's an unknown baby and we
don't know what's happened to her family
some people found her on a tree as a
result of the shelling and brought her
to the hospital we gave her the name of
Malak because she really looks like an
angel Malak whose name means angel in
Arabic is one of 31 premature babies
brought to this Hospital from asifa
medical complex she was well enough to
stay in Gaza along with two other babies
while the remaining 28 whose parents
Fates are unknown were sent to Egypt for
[Music]
treatment we need to save the
Palestinian children the children and
babies have done nothing to be the
victims of the Israeli aggression the
occupation forces are criminals who
can't do anything they are threatening
to storm Rafa and if this happens we
will lose all Palestinian babies here in
the
hospital there are also many healthy
children in the nursery world and the
hospital is trying to reach their
families so they can be
reunited videos show the crowded
conditions inside the nursery doctors
are are concerned that the sheer number
of children needing treatment in the
world poses a threat to their
lives Ali Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer